## 161125 
### New Features: 
* Subscription Security 
* SS-Health:  
	* Central JSON-based provisioning and deprovisioning of central accounts for various roles and personas for subscription RBAC.  
* JEA server lockdown:  
	* Validated and documented JEA server lockdown steps using WS-2016 R2 security baselines. (Note: We are still working to combine the standard 'lockdown' template with Code Integrity policies.) 
? 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* SVTs: 
	* Virtual Network Security - New (preview) module to test ExpressRoute-connected vNets (based on the new ARM-based myER solution) 
	* Significant improvements to SS-Health from an RBAC cleanup standpoint. (Based on a cross-team effort to identify the various accounts that ought to be there and ones that should be removed.) 
* CICD/Build Integration: 
	* PoC completed. Engaging with 1ITVSO team to rationalize runtime permissions required. 
? 
* Alerting & Monitoring: 
	* None in this release. We are working on designing the core features for the per-Application OMS solution. 
? 
* Telemetry: 
* Preview of the telemetry dashboard for the DevOps kit. Give it a try here. 
? 
* Central View of Control Coverage (PoC): 
* Note: Controls checked by various modules (including the new ones added in this release) of the DevOps Kit are displayed here. This is a "live" feed because these same rules are also used by the DevOps kit scripts at runtime. 
? 
### Feature improvements/fixes:? 
* Subscription Security: 
* SS-Health: New checks for inclusion of pending alerts and recommendations from Azure Security Center (ASC) into the SS-Health output. 
* SS-ASCConfig: Displays additional information about what the script does both on console and in logs. 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* SS-Health: Management certificates check now displays richer info about the certs. 
 
Plan for December (Sprints 1 and 2:? 161209, 161223)  
Subscription Security:  
* Finalize SS-Health JSON (validate various central accounts/roles). 
* Fork the ER-vNet checks into generic checks for virtual networks. 
* Combine Code Integrity lockdown with the standard lockdown template for JEA server. 
Developer/CICD Kit:  
* SVTs coverage for: infrastructure resources (VMs, virtual networks, etc.).  
* ER vNets: Implement additional rules about resource lock, presence of NIS SPN, etc. 
* SecIntel: Augment with rules for (a) traditional AppSec and (b) additional rules for Azure services. 
* CICD build integration: close pending permissions issues and get an end to end working solution in 1ITVSO. 
Continuous Compliance:  
* PoC for operational compliance for 3-5 core ops controls.  
Alerting and Monitoring:  
* OMS-based?‘solution pack’ with support for alerting, richer security use cases  
* Explore capability for downstream systems to consume events for corrective actions/next steps. 