## 161209 
### New Features: 
* Subscription Security: 
* SS-Health: 
	* We now check for configuration of ARM policy, resource locks and alerts in the subscription per ISRM expectations. (The ability to provision these already existed.) 
* JEA server lockdown:  
	* Work for combining Windows Server 2016 Security Baseline templates and Code Integrity policy in a single image has been completed.  
* SS-ARM Policy:  
	* ARM policy provisioning now supports policies that are deployed for ExpressRoute-connected virtual networks.  
? 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* SVTs: 
	* Virtual Network Security - Enhanced the SVT for ExpressRoute-connected vNets with ancillary checks for the supporting infrastructure (presence of resource locks, ARM policies, alerts, etc.). The ER-Network SVT now also covers both corpnet and DMZ scenarios and checks for possible presence of multiple ER-connected vNets in the corresponding resource groups. 
	* Key Vault - Added core controls for checking Azure Key Vault instances.  
	* Logic App Connectors - Added controls for multiple commonly used Logic App Connectors to the Logic Apps SVT. 
* Security IntelliSense: 
	* Added rules for coverage of traditional web application security issues (OWASP Top 10 category). Until now, SecIntel largely covered native Azure (PaaS API) and Crypto rules. 
 
* Continuous Compliance: 
* Alerting & Monitoring: 
* OMS - Completed work on PoC to run SVTs in a Automation Runbook and push the results into OMS. We already have SVTs running in VSO Build/Release steps. This gives us the core technical components we needed to make a complete OMS-based solution (target for next sprint!). 
 
* Common/Framework Components:? 
* New Names for Functions: 
	* Introduced easier to follow and naturally named 'aliases' for several current functions. These names are also compliant with PowerShell naming standards. (For e.g., Install-AzureRmISRMAlertsPkg is now aliased to Set-AzSDKAlerts).  
This prepares us for a name change in the upcoming sprint release. 
 
* Central View of Control Coverage (PoC): 
	* Note: Controls checked by various modules (including the new ones added in this release) of the DevOps Kit are displayed here. This is a "live" feed because these same rules are also used by the DevOps kit scripts at runtime. 
? 
### Feature improvements/fixes:? 
* Subscription Security: 
* SS-AlertsConfig:  
	* Added prioritization support for Azure Insights-based alerts. Only 'high' and 'critical' priority alerts are registered for email alerts. This should reduce the alert emails generated from the alerts setup. 
* Dev/CICD Kit: 
* None.  
 
* Common/Framework Components:? 
* Control JSON Design: 
	* ControlIDs have been renamed with more intuitive names. (E.g., AzureStorage102 --> Azure_Storage_AuthZ_Use_SAS_for_Blob). Expanded the values for control evaluation status to cover a broader range of outcomes.  
* Telemetry: 
	* Enhanced the telemetry dashboard to cover all the Pri-1 scenarios we were targeting for H1. Please give it a try here and let us know your thoughts! 
 
* Overall Plan for December (Sprints 1 and 2:? 161209 (done), 161223)  
Subscription Security:  
* Finalize SS-Health JSON (validate various central accounts/roles). 
* Fork the ER-vNet checks into generic checks for virtual networks. 
* Combine Code Integrity lockdown with the standard lockdown template for JEA server. 
Developer/CICD Kit:  
* SVTs coverage for: infrastructure resources (VMs, virtual networks, etc.).  
* ER vNets: Implement additional rules about resource lock, presence of NIS SPN, etc. 
* SecIntel: Augment with rules for (a) traditional AppSec and (b) additional rules for Azure services. 
* CICD build integration: close pending permissions issues and get an end to end working solution in 1ITVSO. 
Continuous Compliance:  
* PoC for operational compliance for 3-5 core ops controls.  
Alerting and Monitoring:  
* OMS-based?‘solution pack’ with support for alerting, richer security use cases  
* Explore capability for downstream systems to consume events for corrective actions/next steps. 